We’re dedicated to improving people’s health and well-being by providing our users personalized health information and free online and mobile answers from thousands of the best physicians in the U.S. Our goal is to help people better understand health, make more informed health decisions and find the very best doctors.

We’re also committed to our physicians. We want to help doctors better serve existing patients, find new ones and build their reputations by demonstrating their expertise online.

We believe that everyone has the right to free, reliable, and independent health information.. We also believe that the most trustworthy health information comes from medical experts and that the best health decisions take into account unbiased expert knowledge, community insights and relevant data.

We've created HealthFix to reflect these beliefs, and to be available to you, anytime and anywhere.

HealthFix began with the realization that it's hard to find straightforward, trustworthy answers to personal health questions online. When we do find health information, it's often general and rarely relevant. Even if it might be useful, it's hard to know if it's trustworthy.

As a result, over half of adults report that the health information the find online is of "no help” at all. This is a big problem. Health is one of the biggest categories on the Internet, where Google alone serves over 1.2 billion health searches a month. What does this mean? That lots of people are seeking credible health information online, but not many are receiving helpful answers.

We created HealthFix to provide a smart solution to this big, big problem — to make finding useful, reliable health information fast, easy and free.

With HealthFix, millions of people everywhere can find answers to their health questions from the right U.S.-licensed physicians for them, including leading doctors in their area.

HealthFix makes accessible both the diversity of the medical community, and the consensus within it, allowing questions to be answered by different physicians and by allowing doctors to engage in peer review by agreeing with answers.

We categorize and organize the world's best health information, unlocking the wisdom of doctors and creating, for the first time, immediate access to relevant, reliable and trusted health content that is kept current through daily contributions from top physicians.

We’re also enabling a revolutionary new connection between doctors and patients online, reviving the spirit of the house call through technological innovation. Patients and doctors can now store and share medical documents through private and HIPAA-secure conversations with between specific patients and doctors of their choosing. Also updated and improved–—the ways and means patients can find and connect with the right doctors for them, via DocScore, Known fors and other powerful data-driven tools.

With over 12,000 physicians in our Medical Expert Network and immediate access to HealthFix via web and mobile platforms, we've already changed the way people find health information online and interact with their doctors. And we plan to keep doing just that.

We’re headed into even more mobile devices, laptops, desktops, and doctors’ offices – and straight to the moon, of course! 

HealthFix is here to help you. Our Interactive Health Network and mobile apps connect doctors with patients in smarter ways, provide education to those who seek it and disseminate trusted, vetted, peer-reviewed health information far and wide!

For members, we connect you directly with the best health information and the best doctors, from your mobile device or on the web. Here at HealthFix, there’s no waiting room.

For doctors, we give you the opportunity and tools to build your online and real-world reputation while making a difference. Attract new patients while also improving the quality of health information online.

For medical groups of all shapes and sizes, we want to provide you the tools to give the people you serve access to the most trustworthy health information available online — at no cost.

For developers, we allow you to tap into a wealth of high-quality, trusted health content and data to build even better solutions for your users.


An integral part of the future of health care will be the ability to impart education and advice through ecommunication. HealthFix is at the cutting edge of this trend.

HealthFix is a brilliant example of high-tech, high-touch medicine: social technology directly connecting practitioners and patients. Building relationships with patents is why I became a pediatrician, and HealthFix helps me do that in a highly efficient and engaging way.

HealthFix allows patients to cut through the clutter of Internet health information. HealthFix fills a much needed vacuum in the way health information is delivered through the Internet.

The HealthFix website is an exciting and promising new way for physicians experts to share trusted information to parents in a way that is user-friendly. I'm excited to see this new forum for exchanging medical information.

HealthFix allows me to interact with existing and potential patients, giving patients better clinical advice than a random search may turn up.

HealthFix gives you a better way to connect with your doctor, rather than when you just see him face-to-face. Using social media to get patients information ahead of visits also improves care. The more information we can get to you ahead of time, the more engaged you are as a patient.

Some members of our Medical Expert Network share, in their own words, how HealthFix is transforming how they connect with patients.

Send direct messages to the best doctor to answer your personal question for a small fee. These communications are private and HIPAA-secure. Like a house call, but online.

Skip co-pays by asking doctors private, secure questions online. Save time with our appointment prep sheets.

Ask one question; get multiple answers from trusted physicians across the country. Access your own personalized, relevant health feed that’s always up-to-date.

Instantly learn which answers are best with our doctor rankings, scores and agreement systems.

Access our Doctor Directory to discover the right doctors for you! Search for trusted doctors in your area based on what’s most relevant to you. Make in-person appointments using our easy, digital tools.

Immunizations, procedures, allergies and more: store your health activity in a HIPAA-secure environment online and access to it all at the click of a button or the pinch of a mobile device. We’ll sort it for you, timeline-style, to make it easy to present to your doctor at in-person appointments.

I love that HealthFix is backed by doctors in all areas of health, so I know the information I find is validated. I'm not going online in the middle of the night and getting some crazy parent. I also love that you can connect with your doctor on HealthFix or with the other doctor's at their practice so in-and-out of the office, I feel at ease.

The absolute best feature of HealthFix is the level of involvement from experts in the Medical community. It makes me feel confident that when I search a condition or have a question, the knowledge and insights are not only helpful, but they're accurate. It makes me feel at ease as a new mom.

I just went on and become a member of HealthFix. I love the concept and already found some useful information for my daughter.

I love having HealthFix doctors 'on call.' It's better than a... copay... or waiting 2 hours for the pediatrician's office to open.

 think Googling for information is great for many things, I just don't think your health is one of them. With HealthFix, you know you're hearing from a doctor, not just another parent, or an anonymous stranger in cyberspace who doesn't really know what they're talking about.

